[16.0][ADD] product_view_inventory_no_search_default_my_count (#2180)
OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse: stock_inventory_no_default_my_counts_filter/README.rst

    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--warehouse-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/16.0/stock_inventory_no_default_my_counts_filter
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-warehouse-16-0/stock-logistics-warehouse-16-0-stock_inventory_no_default_my_counts_filter
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module removes the "My Counts" default filter from the inventory view.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Use Cases / Context
===================

Having the "My Counts" filter as a default for inventory users makes little sense

> when the product smart button for viewing inventory is intended to simply display
> the current stock situation. Removing this filter allows for a clearer view of overall stock levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when your main use of the "On Hand" smart button of the product form is to simply display
the current stock situation. Not applying this filter by default saves users the hassle of removing it manually.
```
